Unchanging
Greatly increase performance with the same ambition of days past.

The First Storm
Your Speed and Power stats are increased by 60 in autumn races

First Breeze of Spring
Your Speed and Power stats are increased by 60 in spring races

Clockwise Demon
Your Speed and Power stats are increased by 60 on clockwise tracks

Outstanding Step
Dirt・If your Power stat is 1000 or higher, gain 60 Speed stat; if it's 1200 or higher, gain 80 instead

Mud Master
Dirt・Your Speed and Power stats are increased by 60 in races with Heavy or Bad track condition

Gambler
Your Speed, Power, and Guts stats have a chance of being increased by 80 each. The chance is 30% if you're one of the three most popular racers, and 60% otherwise

Cloud Dragon's Metamorphosis
Mile/Medium・If your base Speed and Power are both at least 1000, they will increase by additional 60 points

Summer Gale
Your Speed and Power stats are increased by 60 in summer races

Singularity
Leader・Medium・If your Speed stat is at least 1200, it will further increase by 60; bonus 20 Speed if your Wisdom is also at least 1200

Chilling Wind
Your Speed and Power stats are increased by 60 in winter races

Connection
Turf・If there's at least one girl with the Sympathy skill in the race, your Speed stat is increased by 60, and the Sympathy skills of everyone in the race activate

Counterclockwise Demon
Your Speed and Power stats are increased by 60 on counterclockwise tracks

Exchange Races Demon
Your Speed and Power stats are increased by 60 in exchange races (Kawasaki, Funabashi, Morioka, and Ooi racetracks)

Child of Yodo
In Kyoto, your Speed, Stamina, and Wisdom stats are increased by 60

As a Member of the Team
Your Stamina stat is increased by 80

Child of Longchamp
At Longchamp, your Speed, Stamina, and Wisdom stats are increased by 60

Child of Fuchu
In Tokyo, your Speed, Stamina, and Wisdom stats are increased by 60

Good Track Demon
Your Power and Speed stats are increased by 60 in races with Good track condition

Bad Track Demon
Your Power and Speed stats are increased by 60 in races with Slightly Heavy, Heavy, or Bad track condition

麒麟児
Not translated yet

Super Lucky Seven
Good things may happen when in bracket 7.

Swinging Maestro
Recover endurance on a corner with efficient turning.

Breath of Fresh Air
Recover endurance on a straight.

Iron Will
Recover endurance when the way ahead is jammed early-race.

Indomitable
Recover endurance when passed by another runner mid-race.

Unruffled
Recover endurance when surrounded mid-race.

Calm and Collected
Decrease fatigue early-race. (Pace Chaser)

Race Planner
Decrease fatigue mid-race. (Pace Chaser)

Sleeping Lion
Decrease fatigue mid-race. (End Closer)

Keen Eye
Decrease fatigue when positioned toward the back early-race. (Mile)

Trackblazer
Decrease fatigue when in the lead mid-race. (Medium)

Cooldown
Decrease fatigue by taking a breather upon entering a straight. (Long)

Adrenaline Rush
Regain the energy to run after exhausting strength. (Long)

Miraculous Step
Decrease fatigue when moving sideways. (Medium)

Restless
Reduce fatigue on an uphill. (Front Runner)

Gourmand
Recover endurance mid-race. (Pace Chaser)

Relax
Recover endurance late-race. (Late Surger)

Go-Home Specialist
Reduce fatigue on a downhill. (End Closer)

Serenity
Regain composure by calming down when the way ahead is jammed. (End Closer)

Concealed Readiness
Betweener・During the second half of the Opening Leg, if you're not in the front, your stamina will recover

VIP Pass
Long・Your stamina will recover when you're about to overtake someone

Cheers of Admiration
When Silence Suzuka hears shouts of support in the second half of the race, her stamina will recover

Self-Possessed
Long・If you're in the middle of the pack during the first half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly decrease and your stamina will recover greatly

Sand Expert
Dirt・If you're in the second half of the pack in the Middle Leg, your stamina will recover and your speed will increase

Single-Minded
Leader・Long・If you didn't have a late start to the race, your stamina will recover in the first half of the Middle Leg

Ahead of the Game
Long・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase and your stamina will recover

Sand Virtuoso
Dirt・At a random point during the Middle Leg, if you're in the first half of the pack, your speed will increase and your stamina will recover

Chain Reaction
During any Middle Leg straight, you will get a slight speed boost and your stamina will recover

Professor of Curvature
Increase velocity on a corner with skilled turning.

Beeline Burst
Increase velocity on a straight.

It's On!
Increase velocity when passing another runner mid-race.

In Body and Mind
Increase velocity in the last spurt.

Escape Artist
Increase ability to go to the front mid-race. (Front Runner)

Speed Star
Increase ability to break out of the pack on the final corner. (Pace Chaser)

Fast & Furious
Increase velocity mid-race. (Late Surger)

Rising Dragon
Increase velocity when passing another runner on the outside on the final corner. (Late Surger)

Sturm und Drang
Move up in preparation to close the gap late-race. (End Closer)

Blinding Flash
Increase spurting ability when positioned toward the back late-race. (Sprint)

Mile Maven
Widen the margin when in the lead early-race. (Mile)

Killer Tunes
Increase positioning ability when positioned toward the front mid-race. (Medium)

Unyielding
Increase ability to fight back when passed by another runner on the final corner. (Medium)

Innate Experience
Increase velocity when near the inner rail on the final corner. (Long)

Staggering Lead
Increase ability to maintain the lead when leading by a large margin mid-race. (Sprint)

Changing Gears
Increase passing ability when positioned toward the front mid-race. (Mile)

Big-Sisterly
Increase passing ability. (Mile)

Vanguard Spirit
Increase ability to maintain the lead when leading by a large margin mid-race. (Long)

Overwhelming Pressure
Increase velocity when passing another runner late-race. (Long)

15,000,000 CC
Increase velocity on an uphill. (Late Surger)

Trending in the Charts!
Increase velocity when engaged in a challenge mid-race. (Dirt)

Uma Mania
If there are at least three other girls near you after the first 5 seconds of the race, your speed will increase

Prepared to Die
Medium・If you're in a good position on the Final Straight during the Final Leg, your speed will increase

Tail of Victory
If you activate at least 3 skills during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Dream Run
If you have a strong desire to run through the finish line with everyone, your speed will increase on the final straight line

Shinuchi
Long・During the second half of the Middle Leg, if you're in the first half of the pack, your speed will increase

Daring Attack
Chaser・If you're in the second half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Gamester
Your speed will significantly increase in the second half of the race, but sometimes you will also become very tired

Photon Flash
Medium・At a random point on a random straight, your speed will increase

In High Spirits
Short・If you're in the first half of the pack during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Flash of Wind
Long・At a random point on a random straight, your speed will increase

Top Runner
Runner・If you've been overtaken or are being blocked from the side during the early stages of the race, your speed will increase

Burning Spirit
Medium・If you're in the middle of the pack during the Middle Leg and someone is blocking you from the side, your speed will increase and your stamina will slightly recover

Elation
Medium・If you're in the second half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Unstoppable Force
Mile・If you're in the back of the pack during the last corner, your speed will increase

Daredevil
Betweener・If you're in the middle of the pack at a random point during the second half of the race, your speed and acceleration will increase

Wild Whirlwind
Medium・If you're in the front during the Middle Leg, you will drain the speed of the girls behind you and speed up yourself

Sorry, Gotta Go!
If another girl has been right behind you for at least 3 seconds, your speed will increase

Pushing Forward
Betweener・At a random point during the Middle Leg, use a little extra stamina to increase your speed greatly

Moonlight Flash
Chaser・At a random point on a random straight, your speed will increase

Photon Slash
Medium・At a random point on a random corner, your speed will increase

Victory Opportunity
Dirt・If you're in the first half of the pack during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Redoubled Efforts
Dirt・If you're in the second half of the pack during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Full Speed Ahead!
Dirt・If you're in the first half of the pack during the Last Spurt, your speed will increase

Clear and Serene
Dirt・If you're in the second half of the pack and you've recovered stamina with a skill, your speed will increase in the Middle Leg

Leisurely Dust Bath
Dirt・If you've been following another girl for at least three seconds, your speed will increase

Unstoppable
Leader・At a random point in the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Breakthrough
Chaser・If you're in the second half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed and lane movement speed will increase

1000% Output!
Runner・At a random point during the first half of the Middle Leg, use some extra stamina to greatly increase your speed

Lightning Flash
Short・At a random point on a random straight, your speed will increase

In the Right Place!
If another girl has been right in front of you for at least three seconds, your speed will increase

Winds of Change
Leader・During the latter part of the Middle Leg, if you're less than 5 meters away from the 1st place, your speed will increase

Steady Advance
Leader・Medium・If you're in lead or close to the lead during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed and acceleration will increase

Incisive Flash
Betweener・At a random point on a random straight, your speed will increase

Top Gear
Betweener・On the Final Straight, if you're not in lead but also not more than 10 meters from it, your speed will increase significantly

Untouchable Shadow
Runner・If you're in the lead during the Final Straight with another girl right behind you, your speed will increase significantly

Hot Pursuit
Leader/Betweener・If you try to overtake someone in the second half of the race, your speed will increase

Reckless
Mile・If you're in the first half of the pack during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Gale Slash
Runner・At a random point on a random corner, your speed will increase

Incisive Slash
Betweener・At a random point on a random corner, your speed will increase

Supreme Downhiller
At a random point on a random downhill, your speed will increase

Seamless
Medium/Long・At a random point during the third corner, if you're in the second half of the pack, your will get a speed boost

Ascendance
Mile/Medium・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Dignified
Betweener・At a random point on the Final Corner, if you're not in the front, your speed will increase, and you will slow down three closest girls both ahead and behind you

Divine Speed
At a random point in the second half of the race, you will get a speed boost and your stamina will slightly recover

One-shot
Long・If you're in the second half of the pack during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

In One Fell Swoop
Betweener・Long・If you have surplus strength during the first half of the Final Leg, your speed will increase

Luminescence
Medium・If you've activated at least 13 skills in the race, you will get a speed boost

Thousand-Mile Journey
Betweener・If you're in the middle of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Surging Beat
Medium/Long・If you're in the middle of the pack during the first half of the Final Leg, you will get a speed boost

Cyclone Slash
Mile・At a random point on a random corner, your speed will increase

Seriously☆Good↑Vibes
Long・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase and your stamina will slightly recover

Blitzing Spirit
Betweener・If you're not in the front during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Never Give Up
During a random Middle Leg corner, your speed will slightly increase

Moonlight Slash
Chaser・At a random point on a random corner, your speed will increase

Pure Perfection
Mile/Medium・If you're in the first half of the pack during the 3rd corner, your speed will increase

Unyielding Tenacity
Short・If you're not near the front during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Send It Flying!
Leader・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point in the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Finishing Touch
Runner・Long・If you have enough stamina left in the first half of the Final Leg, you will get a speed boost

Call & Response
Dirt・If you activate any other skill during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase; then, if you activate any other skill during the Final Leg or beyond, you will get a speed boost

Lightning Slash
Short・At a random point on a random corner, your speed will increase

Clean Sweep
Chaser・Long・If you have plenty of stamina left during the first half of the Final Leg, your speed will increase

Battle for Initiative
During the second half of the Opening Leg, your speed will increase

Pioneer of the Sands
Dirt・If you're in the first half of the pack during the second half of the Opening Leg, your speed will increase

Ardour
Mile・If you're not in the front during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Soaring Stride
Chaser・If you're not in the front at a random point during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Gamma Ray Burst
Leader・If you're in the first half of the pack during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Cyclone Flash
Mile・At a random point on a random straight, your speed will increase

Undivided Focus
Chaser・At a random point during the Middle Leg, use a little extra stamina to greatly increase your speed

Exquisite Timing
At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Manipulation
Chaser・If you're trying to overtake someone during any Final Leg corner, you will get a speed boost

Lightning Blitz
Short・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Wind Rider
Mile・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Frontal Attack
If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Fluttering Heart
Short/Mile・During the first half of the Final Leg, your speed will increase

Unwavering Ambition
Medium・If you're in the first half of the pack during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Gale Flash
Runner・At a random point on a random straight, your speed will increase

Proof of Strength
Leader・Medium・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Sharp-Witted Composure
Medium・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase and your stamina will slightly recover

Pure Instincts
Betweener/Chaser・If you directly competed for position on the Final Straight in a Showdown (追い比べ), then during the last 200 m of the race, you will get a speed boost

Valiant Flash
Leader・At a random point on a random straight, your speed will increase

Peerless Boldness
Mile・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, you will use a little extra stamina to increase your speed greatly

Tension and Release
Medium・During the second half of the Opening Leg, your speed will slightly decrease; then, during the first half of the Final Leg, your speed will greatly increase

Embracing Virtue and Vice
Dirt・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase and your stamina will recover

Quick Work
Runner・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Breaking Free
Leader・At a random point during the Middle Leg, use a little extra stamina to increase your speed greatly

Curtain Closer
Leader・If you're leading or at most 2.5 m from the lead during the Final Straight, your speed will greatly increase

Like a Blaze
Medium/Long・At a random point during the first half of the Final Leg, if you're in the middle or the back of the pack, you will get a speed boost

Peak Ferocity
Long・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Flash
Medium・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Complete Combustion
Chaser・During the Final Straight, if you're not in the first place but also no more than 10 meters away from it, your speed will greatly increase

Thorough Preparation
Betweener・If you're not in the front at a random point during the first half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Pursuer
Chaser・Medium・If you're not in the front at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Brave and Bold
Mile・If you're not in the front at a random point during the Middle Leg, use a little extra stamina to greatly increase your speed

Relentless Approach
Chaser・If you try to overtake someone during the second half of the race, your speed will increase

Fruits of Labor
Leader・Long・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Forthright
Leader・At a random point during the first half of the Last Spurt, your speed will increase

Seize the Initiative
Medium/Long・When another girl activates a speed skill during the Final Corner or beyond, you will get a speed boost

Gallant Figure
Runner・Medium・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point on the third corner, you will get a speed boost

Preeminent
Runner・If someone tries to overtake you during the second half of the race, your speed will increase

Furious Sprint
Runner/Leader・If you participated in at least one Showdown (追い比べ) during the Final Straight, then with 200 m remaining in the race, you will get a speed boost

Bravery Slash
Leader・At a random point on a random corner, your speed will increase

Sandstorm Slash
Dirt・At a random point on a random corner, your speed will increase

Brilliant Mind
Medium・At a random point during the first half of the Last Spurt, your speed will increase

Unpredecented Prodigy
At a random point during the Middle Leg, you will get a speed boost

Domineering Glare
Medium/Long・If you're not in the front at a random point during the first half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase and your stamina will slightly recover

Wind Slash
Long・At a random point on a random corner, your speed will increase

Sandstorm Flash
Dirt・At a random point on a random straight, your speed will increase

Breach
Medium・If you're not in the front at a random point during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Independence
Betweener・At a random point during the first half of the Last Spurt, your speed will increase

Magnificent Sand Stride
Dirt・If another girl has been right behind you for at least three seconds, your speed will increase

Sum of Small Efforts
Dirt・At a random point during the first half of the Last Spurt, your speed will increase

Straight Heart
Betweener・Medium・If you're not in the front at a random point on a random Middle Leg straight, your speed will slightly increase

One and Only
Medium・At a random point during the second half of the race, your speed will increase

Proven Mettle
If you're not in the front at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Pathfinder
Medium/Long・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Long Haul
Medium/Long・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Heat Haze
Betweener・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase; if you're not in the front, you will get a speed boost instead

Latent Fighting Spirit
Betweener・Medium・If you're NOT in the front at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Energetic
Long・At a random point during the first half of the Middle Leg, your speed will increase and your stamina will slightly recover

Moment of Opportunity
Betweener・Medium・If you overtake someone on any corner during the second half of the race, you will get a speed boost

Afterimage
Chaser・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Killer Instict
Mile/Medium・If you're NOT in the front at a random point on the third corner, you will get a speed boost

Unshackled Passion
Mile/Medium・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase; then, at a random point during the Final Leg, you will get a speed boost

Brains and Beauty
Not translated yet

Curiosity
Not translated yet

Freewheeling
Not translated yet

Swift Decision
Chaser・At a random point during the first half of the Last Spurt, your speed will increase

Thunderflash
Short・If you're trying to overtake someone, your speed will increase

Foregone Conclusion
Short・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Radiant Treasure
Betweener・Short・If you're NOT in the front at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase

Battle-Hardened
Not translated yet

まばたき厳禁！
Not translated yet

不抜の気概
Not translated yet

Unfolding Horror
As the trainer's fears become more vivid, your speed is significantly decreased

Corner Connoisseur
Increase acceleration on a corner with masterful turning.

Rushing Gale!
Increase acceleration on a straight.

No Stopping Me!
Increase maneuverability when the way ahead is blocked in the last spurt.

Taking the Lead
Increase ability to go to the front early-race. (Front Runner)

Unrestrained
Increase ability to keep the lead on the final corner. (Front Runner)

On Your Left!
Increase acceleration late-race. (Late Surger)

Encroaching Shadow
Increase acceleration on a straight in the last spurt. (End Closer)

Turbo Sprint
Increase acceleration on a straight. (Sprint)

Furious Feat
Increase passing ability when positioned toward the back late-race. (Mile)

Plan X
Increase passing ability when positioned toward the front mid-race. (Sprint)

Step on the Gas!
Increase acceleration when passing another runner mid-race. (Mile)

Reignition
Increase acceleration when positioned toward the back mid-race. (Front Runner)

Technician
Moderately increase ability to navigate smoothly. (Pace Chaser)

Determined Descent
Moderately improve running on a downhill. (Pace Chaser)

Shatterproof
Moderately increase acceleration when positioned toward the back mid-race. (Pace Chaser)

Hard Worker
Moderately increase passing ability. (Late Surger)

Rise From the Ashes
Medium・During the first half of the Final Leg, if you're not near the front, your acceleration will increase

Fierce Competition
Leader・During the first half of the Final Leg, if you're in the first half of the pack, your acceleration will increase

Aim for the Center!
Dirt・If you're in the first half of the pack during the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

Blast Mode!
Dirt・If you're in the second half of the pack during the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

Lightning Speed
Short/Mile・If you're about to overtake someone in the second half of the pack during the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

Lose Yourself
Betweener・Long・During the Last Spurt, if you're not in the front, use some stamina to increase your acceleration

Monster
Leader・Long・If you were within 10 meters from the lead around the end of the Middle Leg, then in the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

Unrivaled Wits
Chaser・If you stay in the back of the pack without panicking (kakari) for the first 2/3 of the race, your acceleration will increase in the first half of the Final Leg

Miracle Pathmaker
Short・At a random point in the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

Unshakable Stance
If you've activated at least 3 skills during the Opening Leg, your acceleration will increase

High Voltage
Mile・If you're in the first half of the pack during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

Further Than Anyone
Medium・At the start of the race, your acceleration will increase

Check
Leader/Betweener・If you're on the final corner in the Final Leg, you're not in the back of the pack, and there's at least 600 m remaining in the race, your acceleration will greatly increase

One Sky, One Goal
Runner・Long・If you're 3rd or better during any last spurt straight, your acceleration will increase

Rocket Start
Short・At the start of the race, your acceleration will increase

Reign
Chaser・Medium・If you're not in the front during the Final Corner in the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

Ultimate Hill Climber
At a random point on a random uphill, your acceleration will increase

Stamp on the Ground
Leader・Dirt・If you're in the first half of the pack during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

Just Rule
Medium・If you're in the first half of the pack during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

Laser-Focused
Leader・Long・If you're in the first half of the pack around the start of the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

Golden Opportunity
Chaser・Long・At a random point during the first quarter of the Final Leg, if you're not in the front of the pack, your acceleration will increase

The Fight's Not Over Yet!
Runner・Medium・If you're third or better during the Final Corner or beyond, your acceleration will increase

Initiative
Runner・Short・If you're in the first half of the pack during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

Fierce Clash
Leader・Short・If you're in the first half of the pack during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

Carefree Stride
Mile・If you're not in the front at a random point during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

To the Stage of Dreams
Leader・Medium・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the first quarter of the Final Leg, your acceleration will increase

Showdown
Leader・If you're spurting on any straight, your acceleration will increase

Natural Talent
Not translated yet

Binding Fog
During the Final Leg, your acceleration will hopelessly decrease

Center Stage
Increase navigation early-race.

Lane Legerdemain
Increase navigation late-race.

Perfect Prep!
Prepare to make for the finish line mid-race. (Sprint)

Lightning Step
Avoid becoming surrounded when positioned toward the back mid-race. (Medium)

Sixth Sense
Avoid becoming surrounded early-race. (Front Runner)

Aim for the Front Row!
Dirt・During the Final Leg, your overtaking abilities will increase

Concentration
Decrease time lost to slow starts.

Clairvoyance
Widen field of view with heightened observation early-race. (Medium)

The Bigger Picture
Widen field of view with heightened observation mid-race. (Late Surger)

The Coast Is Clear!
Moderately widen field of view with situational awareness when moving sideways. (End Closer)

Crusader
Widen field of view when positioned toward the back late-race. (End Closer)

Burning Spirit SPD
Burn bright with team spirit, increasing velocity in proportion to the total Speed of racing team members mid-race.

Burning Spirit GUTS
Burn bright with team spirit, increasing vigor in proportion to the total Guts of racing team members late-race.

Burning Spirit STA
Burn bright with team spirit, recovering endurance in proportion to the total Stamina of racing team members mid-race.

Burning Spirit PWR
Burn bright with team spirit, increasing acceleration in proportion to the total Power of racing team members late-race.

Burning Spirit WIT
Burn bright with team spirit, increasing strategic navigation in proportion to the total Wit of racing team members early-race.

The First Star
In the second half of the race, the more wins you've achieved in the training, the more your speed and acceleration increase, and your stamina recovers

I Want to Win With You
In the second half of the race, if you're not in the back of the pack, your speed and acceleration will increase (scales with the number of fans)

Beyond the Limits
Increases speed during the Last Spurt (special scaling under investigation)

Wisdom of the Sun
During the Middle Leg, if you've been blocked from the side for at least 2 seconds, your speed will increase based on the number of skills you have (up to 20)

Wisdom of the Land
During the second half of the Final Leg, your speed will increase based on the number of skills you have (up to 20)

Wisdom of the Ocean
During the first half of the Opening Leg, your acceleration will increase based on the number of skills you have (up to 20)

Dreaming of the Peak
During the Final Straight, your speed is increased depending on the cumulative level of your Overseas Aptitudes

Blazing Radiance!
Mile/Medium・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will increase; the effect is stronger the more U.A.F. tournament wins you have

The Races We Run
Short/Mile・During the Last Spurt, your speed will increase; the effect scales with the number of Cooking Points you got during training

For a Fleeting View
Medium/Long・During the Final Straight, your speed will increase; the effect is stronger the higher your total Research Level is

Forger of Legends
At a random point during the first half of the Last Spurt, your speed will increase; the value scales with the number of your fans

Guided by Instinct
Medium/Long・During the Final Straight, your speed will increase based on how many Development Points you have

Greed for Speed
Moderately steal velocity from runners behind when in the lead mid-race. (Mile)

Dominator
Decrease velocity of runners ahead when positioned toward the back late-race. (Medium)

Petrifying Gaze
Unnerve runners in focus late-race. (End Closer)

Adored by All
Intimidate runners behind when positioned toward the front early-race. (Sprint)

Dancer of the Sands
Dirt・If you're in the lead during the Opening Leg and there's another girl right behind you, she will slow down

Don't Let Your Guard Down
Dirt・If an enemy character uses a recovery skill in the second half of the race, she will slow down

Battle Formation
Dull movement for runners ahead when positioned toward the back early-race. (Mile)

You've Got No Shot
Cause panic in runners ahead when positioned toward the back early-race. (Sprint)

Mystifying Murmur
Disturb runners directly ahead mid-race. (Medium)

Stamina Siphon
Moderately steal endurance from runners ahead when positioned toward the back mid-race. (Long)

All-Seeing Eyes
Startle other runners late-race. (Late Surger)

Captivating Trick
If you're in the first half of the pack during the Middle Leg, tire out girls that are behind you and distracted

Illusionist
Narrow the field of view for runners ahead late-race. (Long)

Dazzling Disorientation
Moderately narrow the field of view for runners behind when positioned toward the front late-race. (Pace Chaser)

Great Escape
Runner・Your strategy changes to "Great Escape" (a strategy even more aggressive than Runner)

#1 Horsegirl in Japan
Long・Your speed will increase on the Final Corner

The Future in My Hands
Mile/Medium・At a random point during the second half of the race, you will get a speed boost and your stamina will slightly recover