Right-Handed ◎
Increase performance on right-handed tracks.

Right-Handed ○
Moderately increase performance on right-handed tracks.

Left-Handed ◎
Increase performance on left-handed tracks.

Left-Handed ○
Moderately increase performance on left-handed tracks.

Spring Runner ◎
Increase performance in spring.

Spring Runner ○
Moderately increase performance in spring.

Summer Runner ◎
Increase performance in summer.

Summer Runner ○
Moderately increase performance in summer.

Fall Runner ◎
Increase performance in fall.

Fall Runner ○
Moderately increase performance in fall.

Winter Runner ◎
Increase performance in winter.

Winter Runner ○
Moderately increase performance in winter.

Outer Post Proficiency ◎
Increase performance in brackets 6–8.

Outer Post Proficiency ○
Moderately increase performance in brackets 6–8.

Maverick ◎
Increase performance when no other runners are using the same strategy.

Maverick ○
Moderately increase performance when no other runners are using the same strategy.

Long Shot ◎
Increase performance when 4th favorite or below.

Long Shot ○
Moderately increase performance when 4th favorite or below.

Sympathy
Moderately increase performance when many runners share a sympathetic heart.

Lone Wolf
Moderately increase performance when no other runners have the heart of a lone wolf.

Scenery of Dreams
Frantically chasing after the scenery, your Speed stat is increased by 40

Running Towards the Unknown
Silence Suzuka's Speed stat is increased by 40

Proud Derby Girl
Your Speed stat is increased by 40

Exchange Races ◎
Your Speed stat is increased by 60 in exchange races (Kawasaki, Funabashi, Morioka, and Ooi racetracks)

Exchange Races ○
Your Speed stat is increased by 40 in exchange races (Kawasaki, Funabashi, Morioka, and Ooi racetracks)

Skillful Step
Dirt・If your Power stat is 1000 or higher, gain 20 Speed stat; if it's 1200 or higher, gain 40 instead

Mud Play ◎
Dirt・Your Speed stat is increased by 60 in races with Heavy or Bad track condition

Mud Play ○
Dirt・Your Speed stat is increased by 40 in races with Heavy or Bad track condition

Gambling Spirit
Your Speed, Power, and Guts stats have a chance of being increased by 40 each. The chance is 15% if you're one of the three most popular racers, and 30% otherwise

Short-Distance Racing Passion
Turf・Short・Your Speed stat is increased by 60

Self-Assured
Mile/Medium・If your base Speed and Power are both at least 1000, they will increase by additional 20 points

Inquisitive Mind
Leader・Medium・If your Speed stat is at least 1200, it will further increase by 20; bonus 20 Speed if your Wisdom is also at least 1200

Straight Course ◎
Your Speed stat is increased by 60 on tracks with no corners

Straight Course ○
Your Speed stat is increased by 40 on tracks with no corners

Mental Strength
Betweener・Medium・If your base Speed is at least 1200, it will increase by another 20; if your base Power is also at least 1200, the Speed increase will be 40 instead

Right-Handed ×
Moderately decrease performance on right-handed tracks.

Left-Handed ×
Moderately decrease performance on left-handed tracks.

Spring Runner ×
Moderately decrease performance in spring.

Summer Runner ×
Moderately decrease performance in summer.

Fall Runner ×
Moderately decrease performance in fall.

Winter Runner ×
Moderately decrease performance in winter.

Outer Post Averseness
Moderately decrease performance in brackets 6–8.

G1 Averseness
Moderately decrease performance in G1 or otherwise important races.

Uneven Nail
Your Speed stat is decreased by 40 in races with Good track condition

Spreading Fear
As the trainer's fears spread, your Speed stat is decreased by 40

Exchange Races ×
Your Speed stat is decreased by 40 in exchange races (Kawasaki, Funabashi, Morioka, and Ooi racetracks)

Mud Play ×
Dirt・Your Speed stat is decreased by 40 in races with Heavy or Bad track condition

Straight Course ×
Your Speed stat is decreased by 40 on tracks with no corners

Oppressive Cage
Your Speed stat is decreased by 500

Unconscious Shackles
Your Speed, Stamina, and Wisdom stats are lowered by 100

Tokyo Racecourse ◎
Increase performance at Tokyo Racecourse.

Tokyo Racecourse ○
Moderately increase performance at Tokyo Racecourse.

Nakayama Racecourse ◎
Increase performance at Nakayama Racecourse.

Nakayama Racecourse ○
Moderately increase performance at Nakayama Racecourse.

Hanshin Racecourse ◎
Increase performance at Hanshin Racecourse.

Hanshin Racecourse ○
Moderately increase performance at Hanshin Racecourse.

Kyoto Racecourse ◎
Increase performance at Kyoto Racecourse.

Kyoto Racecourse ○
Moderately increase performance at Kyoto Racecourse.

Chukyo Racecourse ◎
Increase performance at Chukyo Racecourse.

Chukyo Racecourse ○
Moderately increase performance at Chukyo Racecourse.

Sapporo Racecourse ◎
Increase performance at Sapporo Racecourse.

Sapporo Racecourse ○
Moderately increase performance at Sapporo Racecourse.

Hakodate Racecourse ◎
Increase performance at Hakodate Racecourse.

Hakodate Racecourse ○
Moderately increase performance at Hakodate Racecourse.

Fukushima Racecourse ◎
Increase performance at Fukushima Racecourse.

Fukushima Racecourse ○
Moderately increase performance at Fukushima Racecourse.

Niigata Racecourse ◎
Increase performance at Niigata Racecourse.

Niigata Racecourse ○
Moderately increase performance at Niigata Racecourse.

Kokura Racecourse ◎
Increase performance at Kokura Racecourse.

Kokura Racecourse ○
Moderately increase performance at Kokura Racecourse.

Standard Distance ◎
Increase performance over standard distances (multiples of 400m).

Standard Distance ○
Moderately increase performance over standard distances (multiples of 400m).

Non-Standard Distance ◎
Increase performance over non-standard distances (non-multiples of 400m).

Non-Standard Distance ○
Moderately increase performance over non-standard distances (non-multiples of 400m).

Oi Racecourse ◎
Increase performance at Oi Racecourse.

Oi Racecourse ○
Moderately increase performance at Oi Racecourse.

Unquenched Thirst
Moderately increase performance with the desire to race.

Pray For a Fast Run!
Silence Suzuka's Stamina stat is increased by 40

Long-Distance Racing Passion
Turf・Long・Your Stamina stat is increased by 60

Kawasaki Racetrack ◎
In Kawasaki, your Stamina stat is increased by 60

Kawasaki Racetrack ○
In Kawasaki, your Stamina stat is increased by 40

Funabashi Racetrack ◎
In Funabashi, your Stamina stat is increased by 60

Funabashi Racetrack ○
In Funabashi, your Stamina stat is increased by 40

Morioka Racetrack ◎
In Morioka, your Stamina stat is increased by 60

Morioka Racetrack ○
In Morioka, your Stamina stat is increased by 40

Longchamp Racecourse ◎
At Longchamp, your Stamina stat is increased by 60

Longchamp Racecourse ○
At Longchamp, your Stamina stat is increased by 40

Tokyo Racecourse ×
Moderately decrease performance at Tokyo Racecourse.

Nakayama Racecourse ×
Moderately decrease performance at Nakayama Racecourse.

Hanshin Racecourse ×
Moderately decrease performance at Hanshin Racecourse.

Kyoto Racecourse ×
Moderately decrease performance at Kyoto Racecourse.

Chukyo Racecourse ×
Moderately decrease performance at Chukyo Racecourse.

Sapporo Racecourse ×
Moderately decrease performance at Sapporo Racecourse.

Hakodate Racecourse ×
Moderately decrease performance at Hakodate Racecourse.

Fukushima Racecourse ×
Moderately decrease performance at Fukushima Racecourse.

Niigata Racecourse ×
Moderately decrease performance at Niigata Racecourse.

Kokura Racecourse ×
Moderately decrease performance at Kokura Racecourse.

Standard Distance ×
Moderately decrease performance over standard distances (multiples of 400m).

Non-Standard Distance ×
Moderately decrease performance over non-standard distances (non-multiples of 400m).

Paddock Fright
Moderately decrease performance when the favorite.

Oi Racecourse ×
Moderately decrease performance at Oi Racecourse.

Kawasaki Racetrack ×
In Kawasaki, your Stamina stat is decreased by 40

Funabashi Racetrack ×
In Funabashi, your Stamina stat is decreased by 40

Morioka Racetrack ×
In Morioka, your Stamina stat is decreased by 40

Longchamp Racecourse ×
At Longchamp, your Stamina stat is decreased by 40

Firm Conditions ◎
Increase performance on firm ground.

Firm Conditions ○
Moderately increase performance on firm ground.

Wet Conditions ◎
Increase performance on good, soft, and heavy ground.

Wet Conditions ○
Moderately increase performance on good, soft, and heavy ground.

Competitive Spirit ◎
Increase performance when at least 5 other runners are using the same strategy.

Competitive Spirit ○
Moderately increase performance when at least 5 other runners are using the same strategy.

As a Friend, as a Rival
Silence Suzuka's Power stat is increased by 40

Mile Racing Passion
Turf・Mile・Your Power stat is increased by 60

Firm Conditions ×
Moderately decrease performance on firm ground.

Wet Conditions ×
Moderately decrease performance on good, soft, and heavy ground.

Wallflower
Moderately decrease performance when at least 5 other runners are using the same strategy.

Sunny Days ◎
Increase performance in sunny weather.

Sunny Days ○
Moderately increase performance in sunny weather.

Cloudy Days ◎
Increase performance in cloudy weather.

Cloudy Days ○
Moderately increase performance in cloudy weather.

Rainy Days ◎
Increase performance in rainy weather.

Rainy Days ○
Moderately increase performance in rainy weather.

Snowy Days ◎
Increase performance in snowy weather.

Snowy Days ○
Moderately increase performance in snowy weather.

Target in Sight ◎
Increase performance when the favorite is using the same strategy.

Target in Sight ○
Moderately increase performance when the favorite is using the same strategy.

Dirt Racing Passion
Dirt・Medium・Your Guts stat is increased by 60

Rainy Days ×
Moderately decrease performance in rainy weather.

99 Problems
Your Guts and Wisdom stat are decreased by 40

Inner Post Proficiency ◎
Increase performance in brackets 1–3.

Inner Post Proficiency ○
Moderately increase performance in brackets 1–3.

Front Runner Savvy ◎
Increase ability to get into a good position. (Front Runner)

Front Runner Savvy ○
Moderately increase ability to get into a good position. (Front Runner)

Pace Chaser Savvy ◎
Increase ability to get into a good position. (Pace Chaser)

Pace Chaser Savvy ○
Moderately increase ability to get into a good position. (Pace Chaser)

Late Surger Savvy ◎
Increase ability to get into a good position. (Late Surger)

Late Surger Savvy ○
Moderately increase ability to get into a good position. (Late Surger)

End Closer Savvy ◎
Increase ability to get into a good position. (End Closer)

End Closer Savvy ○
Moderately increase ability to get into a good position. (End Closer)

Self-Control
Your Wisdom stat is increased by 60 and you're a little harder to panic

Medium-Distance Racing Passion
Turf・Medium・Your Wisdom stat is increased by 60

Nocturnal ◎
Your Wisdom stat is increased by 60 in races at night

Nocturnal ○
Your Wisdom stat is increased by 40 in races at night

Tight Turns ◎
Your Wisdom stat is increased by 60 at racetracks with tight corners

Tight Turns ○
Your Wisdom stat is increased by 40 at racetracks with tight corners

天才肌
Not translated yet

Inner Post Averseness
Moderately decrease performance in brackets 1–3.

Nocturnal ×
Your Wisdom stat is decreased by 40 in races at night

Tight Turns ×
Your Wisdom stat is decreased by 40 at racetracks with tight corners

Favorite, For Reals?!
The chance of kakari (panicking) is increased

Hyper Excitement
Your stats are lowered by 20, and your chance of kakari is increased

Lucky Seven
Moderately good things may happen when in bracket 7.

Impulse
Betweener・Turf・All your stats are increased by 20

Corner Recovery ○
Slightly recover endurance on a corner with efficient turning.

Corner Recovery ×
Moderately lose endurance on a corner with inefficient turning.

Straightaway Recovery
Slightly recover endurance on a straight.

Ramp Revulsion
Moderately increase fatigue on an uphill.

Packphobia
Moderately lose endurance when surrounded.

Lay Low
Slightly recover endurance when the way ahead is jammed early-race.

Pace Strategy
Slightly recover endurance when passed by another runner mid-race.

Calm in a Crowd
Slightly recover endurance when surrounded mid-race.

Running Idle
Moderately increase fatigue when in the lead by too large of a margin.

Stamina to Spare
Slightly decrease fatigue early-race. (Pace Chaser)

Preferred Position
Slightly decrease fatigue mid-race. (Pace Chaser)

Standing By
Slightly decrease fatigue mid-race. (End Closer)

Wait-and-See
Slightly decrease fatigue when positioned toward the back mid-race. (Sprint)

Watchful Eye
Slightly decrease fatigue when positioned toward the back early-race. (Mile)

Rosy Outlook
Slightly decrease fatigue when in the lead mid-race. (Medium)

Deep Breaths
Slightly decrease fatigue by taking a breather upon entering a straight. (Long)

Extra Tank
Slightly regain the energy to run after exhausting strength. (Long)

Soft Step
Slightly decrease fatigue when moving sideways. (Medium)

Passing Pro
Slightly decrease fatigue when determined to pass another runner. (Long)

Moxie
Slightly reduce fatigue on an uphill. (Front Runner)

Hydrate
Slightly recover endurance mid-race. (Pace Chaser)

A Small Breather
Slightly recover endurance late-race. (Late Surger)

After-School Stroll
Slightly reduce fatigue on a downhill. (End Closer)

Levelheaded
Slightly regain composure by calming down when the way ahead is jammed. (End Closer)

Triple 7s
Slightly gain energy with 777m remaining.

Shake It Out
Slightly recover endurance after activating many skills late-race.

Quiet Breathing
Betweener・During the second half of the Opening Leg, if you're not in the front, your stamina will slightly recover

Sandstorm Practice
Dirt・If you're behind in the Middle Leg, your stamina will slightly recover

My Own Pace
Long・If you're in the middle of the pack during the first half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly decrease and your stamina will recover

Faultless
Leader・Long・If you didn't have a late start to the race, your stamina will recover a little in the first half of the Middle Leg

Stay the Course
Long・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will marginally increase and your stamina will slightly recover

Dust Off
Dirt・At a random point during the Middle Leg, if you're in the first half of the pack, your stamina will slightly recover

Immovable Spirit
Chaser・If you're in the second half of the pack during the second half of the Opening Leg, your stamina will slightly recover

Fuse
During any Middle Leg straight, you will get a marginal speed boost and your stamina will slightly recover

Corner Adept ○
Slightly increase velocity on a corner with skilled turning.

Straightaway Adept
Slightly increase velocity on a straight.

Ramp Up
Slightly increase velocity when passing another runner mid-race.

Homestretch Haste
Slightly increase velocity in the last spurt.

Fast-Paced
Slightly increase ability to go to the front mid-race. (Front Runner)

Prepared to Pass
Slightly increase ability to break out of the pack on the final corner. (Pace Chaser)

Position Pilfer
Slightly increase velocity mid-race. (Late Surger)

Outer Swell
Slightly increase velocity when passing another runner on the outside on the final corner. (Late Surger)

Masterful Gambit
Slightly move up in preparation to close the gap late-race. (End Closer)

Gap Closer
Slightly increase spurting ability when positioned toward the back late-race. (Sprint)

Productive Plan
Slightly widen the margin when in the lead early-race. (Mile)

Up-Tempo
Slightly increase positioning ability when positioned toward the front mid-race. (Medium)

Steadfast
Slightly increase ability to fight back when passed by another runner on the final corner. (Medium)

Inside Scoop
Slightly increase velocity when near the inner rail on the final corner. (Long)

Sprint Straightaways ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a straight. (Sprint)

Sprint Straightaways ○
Slightly increase velocity on a straight. (Sprint)

Sprint Corners ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a corner. (Sprint)

Sprint Corners ○
Slightly increase velocity on a corner. (Sprint)

Huge Lead
Slightly increase ability to maintain the lead when leading by a large margin mid-race. (Sprint)

Mile Straightaways ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a straight. (Mile)

Mile Straightaways ○
Slightly increase velocity on a straight. (Mile)

Mile Corners ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a corner. (Mile)

Mile Corners ○
Slightly increase velocity on a corner. (Mile)

Shifting Gears
Slightly increase passing ability when positioned toward the front mid-race. (Mile)

Unyielding Spirit
Slightly increase passing ability. (Mile)

Medium Straightaways ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a straight. (Medium)

Medium Straightaways ○
Slightly increase velocity on a straight. (Medium)

Medium Corners ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a corner. (Medium)

Medium Corners ○
Slightly increase velocity on a corner. (Medium)

Long Straightaways ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a straight. (Long)

Long Straightaways ○
Slightly increase velocity on a straight. (Long)

Long Corners ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a corner. (Long)

Long Corners ○
Slightly increase velocity on a corner. (Long)

Keeping the Lead
Slightly increase ability to maintain the lead when leading by a large margin mid-race. (Long)

Pressure
Slightly increase velocity when passing another runner late-race. (Long)

Front Runner Straightaways ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a straight. (Front Runner)

Front Runner Straightaways ○
Slightly increase velocity on a straight. (Front Runner)

Front Runner Corners ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a corner. (Front Runner)

Front Runner Corners ○
Slightly increase velocity on a corner. (Front Runner)

Leader's Pride
Slightly avoid being passed early-race. (Front Runner)

Pace Chaser Straightaways ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a straight. (Pace Chaser)

Pace Chaser Straightaways ○
Slightly increase velocity on a straight. (Pace Chaser)

Pace Chaser Corners ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a corner. (Pace Chaser)

Pace Chaser Corners ○
Slightly increase velocity on a corner. (Pace Chaser)

Late Surger Straightaways ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a straight. (Late Surger)

Late Surger Straightaways ○
Slightly increase velocity on a straight. (Late Surger)

Later Surger Corners ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a corner. (Late Surger)

Late Surger Corners ○
Slightly increase velocity on a corner. (Late Surger)

1,500,000 CC
Slightly increase velocity on an uphill. (Late Surger)

End Closer Straightaways ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a straight. (End Closer)

End Closer Straightaways ○
Slightly increase velocity on a straight. (End Closer)

End Closer Corners ◎
Moderately increase velocity on a corner. (End Closer)

End Closer Corners ○
Slightly increase velocity on a corner. (End Closer)

Uma Stan
Slightly increase velocity when close to many runners.

Tail Held High
Slightly increase velocity after activating many skills mid-race.

Slipstream
Slightly decrease wind resistance when following directly behind another runner.

Playtime's Over!
Slightly increase velocity when followed by another runner directly behind for a long time.

Top Pick
Slightly increase velocity when engaged in a challenge mid-race. (Dirt)

All That There Is
Medium・If you're in a good position on the Final Straight during the Final Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Kageuchi
Long・During the second half of the Middle Leg, if you're in the first half of the pack, your speed will slightly increase

Early Gambit
Chaser・If you're in the second half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Questionable Strategy
Your speed will increase in the second half of the race, but sometimes you will also become very tired

Nimble Step
Short・If you're in the first half of the pack during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Fighting Spirit
Medium・If you're in the middle of the pack during the Middle Leg and someone is blocking you from the side, your speed will slightly increase and your stamina will marginally recover

Tumbling Forward
Medium・If you're in the second half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Sufficient Spirit
Mile・If you're in the back of the pack during the last corner, your speed will slightly increase

Fearless Heart
Betweener・If you're in the middle of the pack at a random point during the second half of the race, your speed and acceleration will slightly increase

With Verve
Medium・If you're in the front during the Middle Leg, you will slightly drain the speed of the girls behind you and slightly speed up yourself

Full Throttle
Betweener・At a random point during the Middle Leg, use a little extra stamina to increase your speed

Downhill Adept
At a random point on a random downhill, your speed will slightly increase

Promising Omen
Dirt・If you're in the first half of the pack during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Turnaround
Dirt・If you're in the second half of the pack during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

At Full Speed
Dirt・If you're in the first half of the pack during the Last Spurt, your speed will slightly increase

Clear Head
Dirt・If you're in the second half of the pack and you've recovered stamina with a skill, your speed will slightly increase in the Middle Leg

Dust Bath ○
Dirt・If you've been following another girl for at least three seconds, your speed will slightly increase

Attack Stance
Leader・At a random point in the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Breakthrough Plan
Chaser・If you're in the second half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed and lane movement speed will slightly increase

Frantic State
Runner・At a random point during the first half of the Middle Leg, use some extra stamina to increase your speed

Ambitions
Leader・During the latter part of the Middle Leg, if you're less than 5 meters away from the 1st place, your speed will slightly increase

Firm Step
Leader・Medium・If you're in lead or close to the lead during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed and acceleration will slightly increase

Razor-Sharp Stride
Betweener・On the Final Straight, if you're not in lead but also not more than 10 meters from it, your speed will increase

Steadfast
Runner・If you're in the lead during the Final Straight with another girl right behind you, your speed will increase

Tooth and Tail
Leader/Betweener・If you try to overtake someone in the second half of the race, your speed will slightly increase

Rushing in Blind
Mile・If you're in the first half of the pack during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Mold Breaker
Medium/Long・At a random point during the third corner, if you're in the second half of the pack, you will get a slight speed boost

Graceful Step
Mile/Medium・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Pressure
Betweener・At a random point on the Final Corner, if you're not in the front, your speed will slightly increase, and you will slightly slow down three closest girls both ahead and behind you

Rapid
At a random point in the second half of the race, you will get a slight speed boost and your stamina will marginally recover

Lock On
Long・If you're in the second half of the pack during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Great Haste
Betweener・Long・If you have surplus strength during the first half of the Final Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Ignition
Medium・If you've activated at least 13 skills in the race, you will get a slight speed boost

Overflowing Passion
Betweener・If you're not in the front during the second half of the Opening Leg, your speed will slightly increase

On the Move
Betweener・If you're not in the front during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

From the First Step
Betweener・If you're in the middle of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will marginally increase

Rising Passion
Medium/Long・If you're in the middle of the pack during the first half of the Final Leg, you will get a slight speed boost

Up the Vibes
Long・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase and your stamina will marginally recover

Unbreakable Mind
During a random Middle Leg corner, your speed will marginally increase

Refined Conduct
Mile/Medium・If you're in the first half of the pack during the 3rd corner, your speed will slightly increase

Single-Minded Advance
Short・If you're not near the front during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Toward Victory
Leader・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point in the Middle Leg, your speed will marginally increase

Middle Leg Adept
At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Opening Leg Adept
During the second half of the Opening Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Finale
Runner・Long・If you have enough stamina left in the first half of the Final Leg, you will get a small speed boost

Backup Planning
Dirt・If you activate any other skill during the Middle Leg, your speed will marginally increase; then, if you activate any other skill during the Final Leg or beyond, you will get a marginal speed boost

Rapid Overtakes
Chaser・Long・If you have plenty of stamina left during the first half of the Final Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Boiling Blood
Chaser・During the Final Straight, if you're not in the first place but also no more than 10 meters away from it, your speed will increase

Sufficient Thrust
Chaser・If you're not in the front at a random point during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Cleave
Chaser・If you're in the second half of the pack at a random point during the Final Corner, your speed will slightly increase, and the speed of the closest three girls in front and three girls behind you will slightly decrease

No Reluctance
Chaser・At a random point during the Middle Leg, use a little extra stamina to increase your speed

Shadowstepper
Chaser・If you try to overtake someone during the second half of the race, your speed will slightly increase

Ghastly
Chaser・Medium・If you're in the second half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase, and you will slightly lower speed of the five closest girls in front of you

Pioneer
Dirt・If you're in the first half of the pack during the second half of the Opening Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Boiling Emotions
Mile・If you're not in the front during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Leap Premonition
Leader・If you're in the first half of the pack during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Art of Coaxing
Chaser・If you're trying to overtake someone during any Final Leg corner, you will get a marginal speed boost

Explosive Force
Short・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Wind Vane
Mile・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

An Honest Step
If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Pounding Chest
Short/Mile・During the first half of the Final Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Unshakeable Faith
Medium・If you're in the first half of the pack during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

No Second Thoughts
Short・If there's no one in front of you at the second furlong, your speed will marginally increase; the effect is stronger if you're not on a corner

No Third Chances
Short・If there's no one in front of you at the third furlong, your speed will marginally increase; the effect is stronger if you're not on a corner

Dirt Straights ◎
Dirt・At a random point on a random straight, your speed will slightly increase

Dirt Straights ○
Dirt・At a random point on a random straight, your speed will slightly increase

Dirt Corners ◎
Dirt・At a random point on a random corner, your speed will slightly increase

Dirt Corners ○
Dirt・At a random point on a random corner, your speed will slightly increase

To Greater Heights
Leader・Medium・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Decisive Blow
Leader・If you're leading or at most 2.5 m from the lead during the Final Straight, your speed will slightly increase

Self-Restraint
Medium・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will marginally increase and your stamina will marginally recover

Bare Passion
Betweener/Chaser・If you directly competed for position on the Final Straight in a Showdown (追い比べ), then during the last 200 m of the race, you will get a slight speed boost

Fearless Advance
Mile・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, you will use a little extra stamina to increase your speed slightly

Switch Over Pro
Medium・During the second half of the Opening Leg, your speed will slightly decrease; then, during the first half of the Final Leg, your speed will increase

Contradicting Emotions
Dirt・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase and your stamina will marginally recover

Not Even a Glimpse
Runner・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will marginally increase

Free-Spirited
Runner・Long・If you're 3rd or better during the Final Straight, you will get a slight speed boost; the effect is stronger if your motivation is Good or better

Aggressive
Leader・At a random point during the Middle Leg, use a little extra stamina to increase your speed

Restless Step
Leader・At a random point during the second half of the Opening Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Surprise Attack
Medium/Long・At a random point during the first half of the Final Leg, if you're in the middle or the back of the pack, you will get a slight speed boost

Spearhead
Runner・At a random point during the second half of the Opening Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Fervor
Long・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Towards the Light
Medium・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Preliminary Preparation
Betweener・If you're not in the front at a random point during the first half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Creeping Footsteps
Chaser・Medium・If you're not in the front at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

High Pitch
Mile・If you're not in the front at a random point during the Middle Leg, use a little extra stamina to increase your speed

Forward Step by Step
If you're not in the front at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Steady Effort
Leader・Long・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Believe in Yourself
Leader・At a random point during the first half of the Last Spurt, your speed will slightly increase

Striking Back
Medium/Long・When another girl activates a speed skill during the Final Corner or beyond, you will get a marginal speed boost

Unprecedented
Runner・Medium・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point on the third corner, you will get a slight speed boost

Dynamic Motion
Medium・At a random point during the first half of the Last Spurt, your speed will slightly increase

Outstanding Step
Runner・If someone tries to overtake you during the second half of the race, your speed will slightly increase

Overflowing Fighting Spirit
Runner/Leader・If you participated in at least one Showdown (追い比べ) during the Final Straight, then with 200 m remaining in the race, you will get a slight speed boost

Peerless
At a random point during the Middle Leg, you will get a slight speed boost

High Ambitions
Medium/Long・If you're not in the front at a random point during the first half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase and your stamina will marginally recover

Gateway to Success
Chaser・At a random point on a random uphill, your speed will slightly increase

Step Up
Mile・If you're not in the front at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Fierce Struggle
Long・At a random point during the first half of the Last Spurt, your speed will slightly increase

Foothold
Medium・If you're not in the front at a random point during the second half of the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Capture
Chaser・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase; the effect is strongner if you're at least 20 meters away from the first place

Pushing Through!
Betweener・At a random point during the first half of the Last Spurt, your speed will slightly increase

Sand Stride
Dirt・If another girl has been right behind you for at least three seconds, your speed will slightly increase

Diligence
Dirt・At a random point during the first half of the Last Spurt, your speed will slightly increase

Straight Steps
Betweener・Medium・If you're not in the front at a random point on a random Middle Leg straight, your speed will marginally increase

Dream-Fulfilling Challenge
Medium・At a random point during the second half of the race, your speed will slightly increase

Luminance
Medium/Long・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the first half of the Final Leg, you will get a slight speed boost

Find a Way!
Medium/Long・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Trekker
Medium/Long・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will marginally increase

Simmering Heat
Betweener・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase; if you're not in the front, you will get a slight speed boost instead

Ceaseless Training
Betweener・Medium・If you're NOT in the front at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Take the Plunge
Leader・Long・If you have enough stamina for a full spurt at a random point in the first half of the Final Leg, you will get a slight speed boost

Enthusiastic
Long・At a random point during the first half of the Middle Leg, your speed will marginally increase and your stamina will marginally recover

Exploit the Gap
Betweener・Medium・If you overtake someone on any corner during the second half of the race, you will get a slight speed boost

Chasing the Shadow
Chaser・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Give Chase
Chaser・At a random point during the first half of the Last Spurt, your speed will slightly increase

Unwavering Heart
Long・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Belligerent
Mile/Medium・If you're NOT in the front at a random point on the third corner, you will get a slight speed boost

Unquenched Longing
Mile/Medium・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will marginally increase; then, at a random point during the Final Leg, you will get a marginal speed boost

Beast Within
Not translated yet

Model Student
Not translated yet

Intrigued
Not translated yet

Carefree Step
Not translated yet

Bouncy Step
Short・If you're trying to overtake someone, your speed will slightly increase

In No Time
Short・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

With Pride
Betweener・Short・If you're NOT in the front at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Prelude
Short・If you're NOT in the front at a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

No Concern for Appearances
Dirt・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the Middle Leg, you will use a little extra stamina to increase your speed

Vitality
Dirt・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point on the third corner, you will get a slight speed boost

Step Toward Mastery
Not translated yet

シビれる走り
Not translated yet

気丈な姿勢
Not translated yet

Corner Adept ×
Moderately decrease velocity on a corner with clumsy turning.

Defeatist
Moderately increase urge to give up when positioned around the very back on the final straight.

Reckless
Moderately increase carelessness when in the lead with around 200m remaining.

Dust Bath ×
Dirt・If you've been following another girl for at least three seconds, your speed will slightly decrease

Corner Acceleration ○
Slightly increase acceleration on a corner with masterful turning.

Straightaway Acceleration
Slightly increase acceleration on a straight.

Nimble Navigator
Slightly increase maneuverability when the way ahead is blocked in the last spurt.

Early Lead
Slightly increase ability to go to the front early-race. (Front Runner)

Final Push
Slightly increase ability to keep the lead on the final corner. (Front Runner)

Slick Surge
Slightly increase acceleration late-race. (Late Surger)

Straightaway Spurt
Slightly increase acceleration on a straight in the last spurt. (End Closer)

Sprinting Gear
Slightly increase acceleration on a straight. (Sprint)

Updrafters
Slightly increase passing ability when positioned toward the back late-race. (Mile)

Countermeasure
Slightly increase passing ability when positioned toward the front mid-race. (Sprint)

Acceleration
Slightly increase acceleration when passing another runner mid-race. (Mile)

Second Wind
Slightly increase acceleration when positioned toward the back mid-race. (Front Runner)

Shrewd Step
Slightly increase ability to navigate smoothly. (Pace Chaser)

Straight Descent
Slightly improve running on a downhill. (Pace Chaser)

Tactical Tweak
Slightly increase acceleration when positioned toward the back mid-race. (Pace Chaser)

Fighter
Slightly increase passing ability. (Late Surger)

Highlander
Slightly improve running on an uphill.

Groundwork
Slightly increase acceleration after activating many skills early-race.

Head-To-Head
Leader・During the first half of the Final Leg, if you're in the first half of the pack, your acceleration will slightly increase

One Chance
Medium・During the first half of the Final Leg, if you're not near the front, your acceleration will slightly increase

Full of Zeal
Dirt・If you're in the first half of the pack during the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Rapid Ascent
Dirt・If you're in the second half of the pack during the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Mighty Leap
Short/Mile・If you're about to overtake someone in the second half of the pack during the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Devil-May-Care
Betweener・Long・During the Last Spurt, if you're not in the front, use some stamina to slightly increase your acceleration

True Worth
Leader・Long・If you were within 10 meters from the lead around the end of the Middle Leg, then in the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Witful
Chaser・If you stay in the back of the pack without panicking (kakari) for the first 2/3 of the race, your acceleration will slightly increase in the first half of the Final Leg

High Hopes
Mile・If you're in the first half of the pack during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Early Bird
Medium・At the start of the race, your acceleration will slightly increase

Satisfying Pace
Leader/Betweener・If you're on the final corner in the Final Leg, you're not in the back of the pack, and there's at least 600 m remaining in the race, your acceleration will slightly increase

Honing In
Leader・Long・If you're in the first half of the pack around the start of the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

No Hesitation
Runner・Long・If you're 3rd or better during any last spurt straight, your acceleration will slightly increase

Swift Takeoff
Short・At the start of the race, your acceleration will slightly increase

Mighty Step
Chaser・Medium・If you're not in the front during the Final Corner in the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Seize the Chance
Chaser・Long・At a random point in the first quarter of the Final Leg, if you're not in the front of the pack, your acceleration will slightly increase

With All My Might
Leader・Dirt・If you're in the first half of the pack during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Frontal Breakthrough
Medium・If you're in the first half of the pack during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Firm Resolve
Runner・Long・If you're in the first half of the pack around the start of the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Descent
Betweener・At a random point on a random downhill, your acceleration will slightly increase

Pulling Away
Runner・Medium・If you're third or better during the Final Corner or beyond, your acceleration will slightly increase

Riding the Tailwind
Runner・Medium・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the first quarter of the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Surpassing Ambitions
Leader・Medium・If you're in the first half of the pack at a random point during the first quarter of the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Turning Point
Betweener・Short・If you're not in the front at a random point during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Unyielding Step
Runner・Short・If you're in the first half of the pack during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Flying Sparks
Leader・Short・If you're in the first half of the pack during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Glimpse of Light
Chaser・Medium・If you're not in the front at a random point during the first quarter of the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Footloose
Mile・If you're not in the front at a random point during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

One Brave Step
Leader・If you're spurting on any straight, your acceleration will slightly increase

Aim for the Summit
Not translated yet

Heat Up
Chaser・Short・If you're NOT in the front at a random point during the first half of the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Nosedive
Chaser・At a random point on a random downhill, your acceleration will slightly increase

Corner Acceleration ×
Moderately decrease acceleration on a corner with awkward turning.

Prudent Positioning
Moderately increase navigation early-race.

Go with the Flow
Moderately increase navigation late-race.

Meticulous Measures
Moderately prepare to make for the finish line mid-race. (Sprint)

Thunderbolt Step
Moderately avoid becoming surrounded when positioned toward the back mid-race. (Medium)

Dodging Danger
Moderately avoid becoming surrounded early-race. (Front Runner)

Front Row Aim
Dirt・During the Final Leg, your overtaking abilities will slighty increase

Focus
Slightly decrease time lost to slow starts.

Gatekept
Moderately increase time lost to slow starts.

Dilly-Dally
Guarantees a late start and lowers your acceleration tremendously. This skill will disappear at the end of the training.

Don't Tell Me What to Do!
Your Wisdom stat is decreased by 40 and you are guaranteed to start late

Hawkeye
Moderately widen field of view with heightened observation early-race. (Medium)

Studious
Slightly widen field of view with heightened observation mid-race. (Late Surger)

I Can See Right Through You
Slightly widen field of view with situational awareness when moving sideways. (End Closer)

Strategist
Slightly widen field of view when positioned toward the back late-race. (End Closer)

Ignited Spirit SPD
Burn bright with team spirit, slightly increasing velocity in proportion to the total Speed of racing team members mid-race.

Ignited Spirit GUTS
Burn bright with team spirit, very slightly increasing vigor in proportion to the total Guts of racing team members late-race.

Ignited Spirit STA
Burn bright with team spirit, slightly recovering endurance in proportion to the total Stamina of racing team members mid-race.

Ignited Spirit PWR
Burn bright with team spirit, slightly increasing acceleration in proportion to the total Power of racing team members late-race.

Ignited Spirit WIT
Burn bright with team spirit, slightly increasing strategic navigation in proportion to the total Wit of racing team members early-race.

Glittering Stars
In the second half of the race, the more wins you've achieved in the training, the more your speed and acceleration increase, and your stamina recovers

Halfway to a Dream
In the second half of the race, if you're not in the back of the pack, your speed and acceleration will increase (scales with the number of fans)

Eyes on the Horizon
Increases speed during the Last Spurt (special scaling under investigation)

Essence of Racing・Speed
Your speed will slightly increase during the second half of the Middle Leg

Essence of Racing・Stamina
During the Last Spurt, use a little stamina to increase your speed a little

Essence of Racing・Power
If you try to overtake someone during the Last Spurt, your speed will increase a little

Essence of Racing・Wisdom
If you activate at least 2 skills in the second half of the race, your speed will increase a little

Essence of Racing・Guts
When directly competing for position on the Final Straight in a Showdown (追い比べ), your acceleration will increase a little

Essence of Racing・Energy
Your Stamina, Guts, and Wisdom stats are increased by 40 if your Motivation is Good or better

Blessing of the Sun
During the Middle Leg, if you've been blocked from the side for at least 2 seconds, your speed will increase based on the number of skills you have (up to 20)

Blessing of the Land
During the second half of the Final Leg, your speed will increase based on the number of skills you have (up to 20)

Blessing of the Ocean
During the first half of the Opening Leg, your acceleration will increase based on the number of skills you have (up to 20)

Bearer of Hope
During the Final Straight, your speed will slightly increase

Burning Soul
Mile/Medium・At a random point during the Middle Leg, your speed will slightly increase

Athlete's Spirit
Mile/Medium・At a random point during the second half of the race, your speed will slightly increase; the effect is stronger if you have at least 1200 Guts

Forever Healthy
Short/Mile・During the Last Spurt, your speed will slightly increase

Essence of Food
Short/Mile・At a random point during the Middle Leg, you will get a slight speed boost; the effect is stronger if you have at least 1200 base Power

Reproducing a Dream
Medium/Long・During the Final Straight, your speed will slightly increase

Herald of a New Age
At a random point during the first half of the Last Spurt, your speed will slightly increase

Be Myself
Medium/Long・During the Final Straight, your speed will slightly increase

Hesitant Front Runners
Slightly decrease velocity of front runners late-race.

Hesitant Pace Chasers
Slightly decrease velocity of pace chasers late-race.

Hesitant Late Surgers
Slightly decrease velocity of late surgers late-race.

Hesitant End Closers
Slightly decrease velocity of end closers late-race.

Intimidate
Moderately intimidate runners behind when positioned toward the front early-race. (Sprint)

Speed Eater
Slightly steal velocity from runners behind when in the lead mid-race. (Mile)

Tether
Slightly decrease velocity of runners ahead when positioned toward the back late-race. (Medium)

Intense Gaze
Slightly unnerve runners in focus late-race. (End Closer)

Cloud of Dust
Dirt・If you're in the lead during the Opening Leg and there's another girl right behind you, she will slow down a little

Pressing Feeling
Dirt・If an enemy character uses a recovery skill in the second half of the race, she will slow down a little

Opening Gambit
Slightly dull movement for runners ahead when positioned toward the back early-race. (Mile)

Restart
Slightly startle runners ahead when failing to get a lead early-race. (Front Runner)

Frenzied Front Runners
Increase time needed for front runners to calm down when they become rushed.

Frenzied Pace Chasers
Increase time needed for pace chasers to calm down when they become rushed.

Frenzied Late Surgers
Increase time needed for late surgers to calm down when they become rushed.

Frenzied End Closers
Increase time needed for end closers to calm down when they become rushed.

Trick (Front)
Slightly increase fatigue for rushed runners behind when positioned toward the front mid-race.

Trick (Rear)
Slightly increase fatigue for rushed runners ahead when positioned toward the back mid-race.

Subdued Front Runners
Slightly increase fatigue for front runners early-race.

Flustered Front Runners
Slightly increase fatigue for front runners mid-race.

Subdued Pace Chasers
Slightly increase fatigue for pace chasers early-race.

Flustered Pace Chasers
Slightly increase fatigue for pace chasers mid-race.

Subdued Late Surgers
Slightly increase fatigue for late surgers early-race.

Flustered Late Surgers
Slightly increase fatigue for late surgers mid-race.

Subdued End Closers
Slightly increase fatigue for end closers early-race.

Flustered End Closers
Slightly increase fatigue for end closers mid-race.

Stop Right There!
Slightly cause panic in runners ahead when positioned toward the back early-race. (Sprint)

Murmur
Slightly disturb runners directly ahead mid-race. (Medium)

Stamina Eater
Very slightly steal endurance from runners ahead when positioned toward the back mid-race. (Long)

Sharp Gaze
Slightly startle other runners late-race. (Late Surger)

Smoke Screen
Moderately narrow the field of view for runners ahead late-race. (Long)

Disorient
Slightly narrow the field of view for runners behind when positioned toward the front late-race. (Pace Chaser)

Carnival Bonus (obsolete)
Bonus points will be added to the carnival points obtained. This skill will disappear at the end of the event.

Carnival Bonus (obsolete)
Your stats will be raised by x％ and there is a y％ chance for your motivation to be raised to Perfect during carnival races. This skill will disappear at the end of the event.

Carnival Bonus (obsolete)
Your stats will be raised by x％ and there is a y％ chance for your motivation to be raised to Perfect during carnival races. This skill will disappear at the end of the event.

Carnival Bonus (obsolete)
Your stats will be raised by x％ and there is a y％ chance for your motivation to be raised to Perfect during carnival races. This skill will disappear at the end of the event.

Carnival Bonus (obsolete)
Your stats will be raised by x％ and there is a y％ chance for your motivation to be raised to Perfect during carnival races. This skill will disappear at the end of the event.

Carnival Bonus (obsolete)
Your stats will be raised by x％ and there is a y％ chance for your motivation to be raised to Perfect during carnival races. This skill will disappear at the end of the event.

Carnival Bonus
Your stats will be raised by x％ and there is a y％ chance for your motivation to be raised to Perfect during carnival races. This skill will disappear at the end of the event.

Voltage Hero
If your motivation is Perfect, your acceleration will permanently marginally increase, you will get a bonus of 60 to all base stats, and you will become immune to debuffs

Sunrise Hero
If it's sunny and the track condition is good, your acceleration will permanently marginally increase, and you will get a bonus of 80 to all base stats

Rainy Hero
If it's raining and the track condition is bad, your acceleration will permanently slightly increase, and you will get a bonus of 100 to Speed and Stamina stats

Outside Hero
If you've started the race in gate block 6, 7, or 8, you will get a bonus of 100 to Speed, Stamina, and Power, and then during the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase

Linkage Hero
During the Final Leg, if your team has activated at least 6 skills combined during the race, your acceleration will increase and your stamina will recover; bonus effect if the skill count is 10 or more

Inside Hero
If you've started the race in gate block 1, 2, or 3, your speed and acceleration will slightly increase at the start, and then during the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase and your stamina will recover

Spurt Hero
During the Final Leg, your acceleration will slightly increase, you'll get a great speed boost, and your stamina will recover